[Music]
destiny and free will
destiny and free will free will i'll say
free will
education or experience well i'm pretty
big on education
but you know i admit you need both
okay um a missed opportunity
[Music]
an example of a missed opportunity that
you think is an opportunity you missed
[Music]
um you know i you know microsoft didn't
end up doing the phone operating system
well enough
uh you know so that you know i i made
mistakes there that uh
i regret okay okay
um if you were in task built to to
rebuild the internet
ground up what's the one thing you'd
change about it
well the the basic assumption that
you're anonymous
uh you know causes some difficulties
and some of the the inability to control
the security causes some difficulties
and uh you know the internet has been
unbelievable
but the the identity part and the
security part we're kind of having to
layer that on and it's it's kind not as
natural as it should be
[Music]